Update config.mts to fix links & add Delete post, typing, and ulist (#16)
meower-media/docs: docs/api/cloudlink/packets/typing.md

# `typing`

> This packet is sent when a client sends a typing indicator. These clients will be sent periodically by clients, so you need to setup a expiration system.
> ### Client typing indicator frequency
> - **meo**: 3 seconds
> - **Roarer 2**: 3 seconds
> - **Meower Svelte**: 4 seconds
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This packet is sent when a client is currently typing.

```

again, client behavior shouldn't go here

Reviewer 2: There should probably still be some sort of reference on what "periodically" means though.

Author: I disagree on this one, it's a helpful reference to have the typing times in the API docs as there is no standard for it. What if I remove the note about how to implement it but leave a general note of most clients send the packet at least every 4 seconds?

Reviewer: the lack of standard is the problem here, but i'm not opposed to saying "send a typing indicator every few seconds" note

Reviewer 3: Maybe say it expires after 4 seconds

Reviewer 2: > Maybe say it expires after 4 seconds

Only Meower Svelte seems to use that though

Author: > Maybe say it expires after 4 seconds

> > Maybe say it expires after 4 seconds
> 
> Only Meower Svelte seems to use that though

I like the 4s idea, all the other ones seem to be less than 4s so 4s would work.

Author: does the 4s thing work for you @williamhorning?

Reviewer: @Finley224 either saying "every four seconds" or saying "at an interval less than five seconds" is fine
